1.You are building a solution that will detect anomalies in sensor data from the previous 24 hours.

  You need to ensure that the solution scans the entire dataset, at the same time, for anomalies.

  Which type of detection should you use?

  A. batch
  B. streaming
  C. change points

  Answer: batch

2.You are building an app that will scan confidential documents and use the Language service to analyze the contents.

  You provision an Azure Cognitive Services resource.

  You need to ensure that the app can make requests to the Language service endpoint. The solution must ensure that confidential documents remain on-premises.

  Which three actions should you perform in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
  

  Answer: ->Pull an image from the microsoft container registry (MCR)
          ->Provision an on-premises kubernetes cluster that is isolated from the internet
          ->Run the container and specify an API key and endpoint URL of the Cognitive Services resource

3.You have an app that captures live video of exam candidates.

  You need to use the Face service to validate that the subjects of the videos are real people.

  What should you do?

  A. Call the face detection API and retrieve the face rectangle by using the FaceRectangle attribute.
  B. Call the face detection API repeatedly and check for changes to the FaceAttributes.HeadPose attribute.
  C. Call the face detection API and use the FaceLandmarks attribute to calculate the distance between pupils.
  D. Call the face detection API repeatedly and check for changes to the FaceAttributes.Accessories attribute.

  Answer: A. Call the face detection API and retrieve the face rectangle by using the FaceRectangle attribute.

4.  You are building a conversational language understanding model.

  You need to enable active learning.
  
  What should you do?

  A. Add show-all-intents=true to the prediction endpoint query.
  B. Enable speech priming.
  C. Add log=true to the prediction endpoint query.
  D. Enable sentiment analysis.

  Answer: C. Add log=true to the prediction endpoint query.

5. Your company wants to reduce how long it takes for employees to log receipts in expense reports. All the receipts are in English.
  
  You need to extract top-level information from the receipts, such as the vendor and the transaction total. The solution must minimize development effort.
  
  Which Azure service should you use?

  A. Custom Vision
  B. Personalizer
  C. Form Recognizer
  D. Computer Vision

  Answer: C. Form Recognizer.

6. You need to build a chatbot that meets the following requirements:
  ✑ Supports chit-chat, knowledge base, and multilingual models
  ✑ Performs sentiment analysis on user messages
  ✑ Selects the best language model automatically
  What should you integrate into the chatbot?

  A. QnA Maker, Language Understanding, and Dispatch
  B. Translator, Speech, and Dispatch
  C. Language Understanding, Text Analytics, and QnA Maker
  D. Text Analytics, Translator, and Dispatch

  Answer: C. Language Understanding, Text Analytics, and QnA Maker



  
